Honey, what's the deal?
It has nothing to do with you.
Miss Bai, do you want to default?
Little money
If I agree with you
I'll never regret it, Miss Bai.
I'll wait for you in the office tomorrow.
So let's go back first.
Welcome to Star Language Entertainment
Please take less care.
Should do it.
Right.
It's okay.
I'll retreat first, Miss Bai, don't worry.
And other things.
I remember Miss White said if I could save your brother.
No matter what I tell you to do.
You promised me.
This death.
Even Miss White's idea dared to fight.
What do you want me to do?
I don't need Miss White to do anything.
You just have to agree to one small request.
What request?
Wow.
My request is